Add a fuel cycle model example and associated documentation. (#82)
idaholab/TMAP8: doc/content/examples/index.md

# Examples

> Inputs which demonstrate potential applications for TMAP-8 capabilities,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inputs which demonstrate potential applications for TMAP8 capabilities,
```

along with walk-through guides which should in theory allow users to 
leverage prior work.

> ## Fuel cycle
> 
> Because TMAP-8 is built on MOOSE, it brings MOOSE's capacity to solve ordinary differential
> equations using [ScalarKernels](syntax/ScalarKernels/index.md). These can be quite useful to
> model parts of the system at high levels of abstraction while working with detailed
> models of specific components. For an example, we re-create a fuel-cycle model using the 
> equations in [!cite](Abdou2021) to provide a high-level abstraction of a fuel-cycle in a potential 
> fusion power plant.
> 
> [Fuel Cycle](examples/fuel_cycle/index.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## [Fuel Cycle](examples/fuel_cycle/index.md)

Because TMAP8 is built on MOOSE, it brings MOOSE's capacity to solve ordinary differential
equations using [ScalarKernels](syntax/ScalarKernels/index.md). These can be quite useful to
model parts of the system at high levels of abstraction while working with detailed
models of specific components. For an example, we re-create a fuel cycle model using the 
equations in [!cite](Abdou2021) to provide a high-level abstraction of a fuel cycle in a potential 
fusion power plant.
```

Let's make "fuel cycle" a bit more consistent in this description, and move the link to the heading.
